:title About Us
:author Adrian
:image-feat img/hobo.jpg
:image-alt img/hobo.jpg
:style-single page.css
:type page

<p>Loudspring is a Digital Agency offering the following range of services.</p>
~~
<p>MOBILE APPS</p>
<p>The App is the new website. It's why we focus on designing and creating custom Apps that provide an engaging mix of User Experience and business functionality. Our designers and developers have been there since the very beginning, releasing iPhone an iPad Apps when only 500 existed on the iTunes Store. We are strong in U/X design, Data visualization as well as Objective-C, Cocoa, Carbon, OpenGL, OpenGL, Sound and hardware integration.</p>

<p>WEB APPLICATIONS</p>
<p>Our team has worked on massive, scalable n-tier systems interfacing with Oracle, Sybase and EMC Storage Area Network systems since the mid-90s. We bring that million dollar technology to the Small and Medium-Sized Business. We host these sites on fully-scalable, redundant and load-balanced Cloud servers. OUr expertise include Drupal, Django, RubyOnRails, WordPress, Java, and .NET.</p>

<p>SOCIAL MEDIA APPS</p>
<p>We make Facebook apps, integrated in Web or Mobile platforms. Why? Today's marketing boils down to engaging consumers in an genuine two-way relationship. It's not like the days of push advertising. You can't go viral without an enthusiastic public. That means a constant level of interaction with the public.</p>

<p>HARDWARE and INSTALLATIONS</p>
<p>Our Engineers have worked on shrink-wrapped electronics for 10+ years. That's why we can do physical interactive projects, that are a combination of art and hardware. Whether it needs Arduino or micro-controlled motors, multiple LED monitors, lighting , sound, projection screens or  actuators and sensors, we can make your interactive project soar.</p>
<p>Plus, we provide engineering advice on iPhone/iPad hardware interfaces.</p>